We got some other places in the application.
We want to work on.
For example if I tap a place here to view dead detail page forward offer.
Not only is it a bit of a boring page as I recognize here but that could be okay here but we also get
an error here.
If I tap that page cannot read property ideas off on the find.
So we want to fix that.
It does the same on the Discover here on the Discover area.
If I click a place here I get that same error or not that same but a similar error related to that.
So we certainly want to make sure that we fix these places and let's do that right now.
So the first place here is to offer bookings page.
However I do read need that pager will simply get rid of that and then the place routing module of course
make sure that we get rid of it here as well.
We simply don't support this anymore in the offers page each time I'll file a deal from one to make
sure when we click and all for item here we're not going anywhere.
So I still display my offers we can still slide them but we just can click them anymore cause that is
not the fix I want to use.
On the Discover area where we have a place detail page that makes more sense here under a place detail
we're getting errors because no place detail types could file.
I call get place and there I initialize the place which I then use in my template but just as before
get placed now reaches out to a server and they offer this takes a bit longer to complete and hence
place is not is set.
Initially of course the solution is simple.
Again we can add a is loading property and set it to false here and whenever we start fetching our place
we set is loading whips is loading to true and once we're done fetching it here we said this is loading
two false and now with that we can add a spinner in the template again.
So here I got my grid which displays all the place data and I only want to show that if we're not loading
if we are loading then I will add a diff here with text center and then that div I will add that I end
spinner with a color of primary and justice before here.
I will add energy if is loading I'll not check for whether we did fetch a place or not.
Instead I Robert add error handling that frozen error.
If we found no place because you could argue that for the Discover list page here it makes sense to
show a message like no bankable places found if there are no places for a single place you could of
course also show on screen message.
But if you are on that page that has no other purpose well then you can also just throw in a error or
show an alert if no data was found.
That is my logic here.
Nonetheless a spinner should be shown.
So is loading certainly makes sense.
We should be aware that we also use some place data and a title here though and that they are.
I want to check WEBER Where is loading we're loading and if we are loading then I'll say loading here
as a text and only for not loading I'll try to output the place.
So now every saved is and this page reloads here it does so without an error.
And if I go there from this page we got the same behavior.
We also saw the spinner here for a short time.
So this is now a better user experience.
Let's now at the error handling I was talking about.
And for that we add this second method here where we get the error.
The second function here to subscribe where we get this error object which would hold data like error
message sent by the server.
So this can also be useful depending on your app and your server you're interacting with.
Here I will again use the same approach as before I will inject the alert controller here.
Lot of controllers getting injected in this page.
So inject the alert controller from at ionic angular and then simply created here with a header of an
error or occurred and then a message where I say could not load lays or any message that you want to
show could be based on the error message encoded in the error object.
If your back end is throwing helpful messages there and then I'll add my buttons where I have my button
object with a text of OK and a handler function which is this anonymous Erol function here and then
this function.
I want to use my router which I need to inject.
We don't have that yet.
So the angular router which needs to be imported from at Anglo router does is inject that here and now
I can use my router to navigate back to slash places taps discover.
So basically to this route here.
So now we just need to call then here where we get the alert element and then we can call alert l present
here to show it.
And now if we save all of that we go back to that page here and we added It's such that we try to fetch
a place but that doesn't exist by editing the U.R.L. we get that alert compress.
Okay and here we are.
So this now all that works and now we should have the most important pieces off the zap in a state that
works and that ensures that we can interact with it.
Now let's of course focus on the bookings that when we make a booking we save that on the server too.
And that we can also see our list of bookings here and definitely try implementing this on your own
first.
You will basically use the same building blocks you'll learn about for all at this module.
So this is a great challenge and a great exercise and you can then compare your solution to mine over
the next lectures.